[Music]
hi hello welcome back to another video
really good
today's one I'm going to do now what I
eat in a day and spend the day with me
kind of thing I'm going to try and keep
this video really positive and not be as
were all sort of feeling a bit weird at
the moment with the whole coronavirus
and will ensure an uncertain of what's
going on and I think going on going on
and to be honest we're all going to be
affected in many ways but at least I
think it's really good to just stay
positive and also stay active and just
look after yourself and your immune
system of course as you guys know I'm
self-employed and I work from home so in
this situation I have kind of self
isolated I'm really growing places where
I really think is necessary and with the
gym being super like the most high-risk
place and contagious place at the moment
I'm avoiding that for the foreseeable
future and just getting my workouts in
from home so in this video I just want
to share any like helpful tips like both
mental tips and like keeping fit
physically and just staying sane and a
whole I really think we could all do
some of that at the moment so yeah
that's what I want in this video it to
be variously I'm no scientist we don't
know much about the crazy virus as it is
now we know the normal but there's a lot
of anxiety around it for a lot of people
so I don't want to kind of dwell on that
so I'm going to start with the first
meal which is breakfast
I am ravenous right now and I've been
doing the surface morning so it's
actually quite late for me to have my
first meal if you don't already know I'm
intermittent batter at the moment and
really really enjoying it feeling a lot
more energetic the first video that I
mentioned it I was just trying it out
and I'm really liking it my body reacts
really well to it and my energy levels
are so much higher I'm doing the sixteen
eight so basically I stopped eating at
around like between nine and ten on an
evening and then oh it starts all about
12 1/2 12 ish
the next day before we jump straight on
into the video I would appreciate it so
much if you could hit this video over
like it really helps my channel and is
very much appreciated breakfast today
I'm having my oats but I'm going to do
in like a different style mix things up
I think it's quite good to do this as
well just so you don't get bored of your
foods but the breakfast oh it's always
like a real sort of going to and always
I don't feel really full this obviously
you need your own yet loads of different
shapes and size oats which does actually
make a massive difference to our
consistency I quite like the thicker
ones but I've got some of the smaller
ones today
come sweetened almond milk but you can
use any milk that you prefer or use all
you got in I've just measured out 50
grams of oats 150 grams of almond milk
that always together
so I using my brother but today I'm
going to cook them on the stove but a
low heat and then I'm just cooking these
on a medium heat for about five minutes
and then as I've mentioned before I
always make sure to add my protein in
after I've cooked the oats that way you
just avoid any like weird consistency
certain bones and 30 grams of the
cookies and cream flavour way into my
oats
and adding a drop of the vanilla zero
sugar zero calorie flavor drop all it's
Hopkins today I'm going for some frozen
berries I've got some frozen banana yeah
I'm gonna put a bit of this in the
microwave also gonna have some powdered
peanut butter I'll leave these all
linked down below I'm gonna use about 40
grams of Bernard I'm here 50 grams of
the berries this is actually a really
good a little hat less calorie dense the
natural peanut butter and I think it
tastes really nice so I'm just using a
teaspoon of the power of peanut butter
and then adding a tiny bit of water to
make it like a like a really kind of
consistency
[Music]
and a job birthday it's my finished
protein oats it really just tastes like
editor and so so much you can also just
mix your puppies up completely as well
so I've just sat down I'm so hungry I
feel a bit hungry right now
so I thought it'd be quite useful to
just ring me through some vitamins that
I take I take these like all year long
really important to just to have your
immune system strong because it is a
respiratory issue with the corona virus
and that kind of thing so this is really
important vitamin D I mentioned this in
my Amazon whole and it's like she's just
like an oral spray but really recommend
now especially living in the UK we don't
get much sunlight so that is something I
have on a daily it's just like a
peppermint spray really easy just to
have these are so nice you can get these
from most supermarkets hopefully they're
not going to be completely sold out
because everyone is going crazy aren't
at the moment like the supermarkets not
just chaos and so yeah I'd recommend
getting your groceries delivered by
putting these in my drink in the morning
and yeah just really nice obviously you
get them anot any form like a lot of
places do like gummies and stuff is
essential omega-3 these are just like
home you know like fish oil couple these
supplements like you can get from foods
of course I'm not saying that but it's
just like added really really good for
your hair skin and nails well but like
these are like my main three that I'd
really recommend at the moment just make
sure you've got your fruit and veggies
in these are some of the weights that
I've got off Argos and they do it
same-day delivery and these are 10 kg
each so like 20 kg total really reason
pricier this is the 20 kg dumbbell I
think it's about 55 pounds in total and
then I got a metal bail really good
workout in with as well is super helpful
so I'll leave a link to these below it's
not sponsored or anything like that so
another little tip is to have a
resistance band you can get a good
workout and literally just one of these
thing the sleepiest dog did like my
first few home workouts today and for
now he thought it was like the craziest
thing ever she was biased in my head
jumping all over me God for the first
time I did some yoga like from home
which I've never done before but I have
just been feeling a bit more anxious
this week like with everything that's
going on and just feeling a little bit
like up in the air and so I'm gonna
commit to doing this and I'm gonna use
my youtube to keep myself accountable
but just to do 10 minutes in a morning
and I felt a lot more like at ease
afterwards and whilst being in the house
as well I feel like I'm gonna get a lot
of cabin fever so it's really good just
to get even right in your garden or
webisode recommend trying that and I'll
leave that link to down below if I'm
back and I'm going to make some lunch
I'm really fancying and omelet today so
I'm gonna make like an omelet and also
have a bagel on the side
[Music]
I'm livin lovin on Yoshi's in some extra
virgin olive oil I'm gonna use one whole
egg and about three or four egg whites
in my eggs I'm just putting two pepper
and some garlic brownies
when you put all your again just make
sure it's some kind of low heat so that
it doesn't burn I was just gonna pop
spinach
[Music]
here is my lunch I'm not quite
impressive how this omelette has turned
out
look he's giving me the eye over there
you cheeky thing it looks really good I
really recommend the turkey rashes don't
make such a difference I've got my drink
here I'm obsessed with this it's a fishy
making the weirdest noise is today so
I'm gonna make my little afternoon snack
this is like my favorite thing ever but
I like having more lunch and then a
little snack because I am aware people I
like to be eating all day always likely
putting something in my mouth
so I'm gonna make like an immunity
smoothie today's one is gonna be like a
berry soup fruits protein smoothie and I
usually go for like the banana smoothies
as you guys know but we're gonna mix
things up we're gonna go for a berry one
today I'm gonna make it likes first two
people or like two servants for your not
really wish some impact smoothie we've
got you're just gonna need some spinach
some frozen for you or non frozen some
milk of choice
I'm going for my usual almond and
sweetened and some protein I'm using
cookies and cream you could use like a
vanilla one or whatever flavor I really
recommend the cookies and cream and also
a cinnamon Danish right there my two
monthly purchases punchies and 40 grams
of spinach she's like two handful 30
grams of protein 100
Browns of the frozen berries 200
milliliters of milk I hope any bits my
two brats moves a really good way if
someone who like not the biggest fan of
fruit or veg or maybe you just forget
then you can just Ram it all in a
smoothie basically and throw in loads of
different stuff laughs oh God pretty
strong sorry I really wanted to share
some ways to solve it's helped stay sane
and you know if you live on your own
it's gonna be challenging but there are
so many ways and like positives that can
come out and this one of course is going
to be exercised that is the first way I
feel always always always whenever I
feel a certain kind of way I find
exercise is like therapy for me so I
really advise doing that and if you
struggle with like getting motivated in
the house because I know it is harder
even I myself I found it really I've got
to really find more motivation to get a
workout during at home because you're
like working out by the kitchen or your
bed or whatnot and so I advise like
following an actual workouts like
YouTube or planning your workout before
you do it just like you would in the JIT
and if you want in actual warranty just
like get out for a walk and just sort of
keep your distance from people and like
go and explore like countryside or
something you know like close by Mason
and I went to the Peak District
yesterday and it's literally like I
think it's about 40 minutes away from
where I live and I'm sure thinking oh my
god we did never probably done that it's
all to say just like limit your time on
Instagram like don't use this time just
to scroll through social media sound
crazy and I remember before I started
doing any of these things I was
literally one of them people that we
like meditate like why would you want to
do that but what you see gonna get some
I'm not sure like like to be on the go
conducing that meditation like just
started like a minute or three minute
meditation and there's so many on
youtube like thankfully I am so glad
we've got like YouTube Netflix all these
online free platforms that can offer so
much value that I'm just about to start
making their dinner and I have been
obsessed with like this chicken lentil
right kind of like a healthy kind of
curry alga those and I hopefully don't
know what that was and I've been really
liking it I've been having it like every
day this week but I've just been mixing
up like the meat and it's all it is is
richly like chicken lentils cottage
cheese and then like some seasoning
stuff but it's really nice maybe we
advisees
so yeah I'm gonna make better this is
all I'm using let's eat green lentils
some chicken breasts I'm gonna make
enough for like two portions garlic
granules some tandoori curry powder some
hot curry powder and then like just your
rice I'm just using this classic pilau
rice from Aldi
[Music]
I'm just adding some coconut drops like
this is a game changer to like any sort
of like curry dish and there's nothing
in them and then I just leave that to
simmer for like 10-15 minutes on a low
heat with me with the like coconut it
reminds me of our kind of like a coma
taste but like obviously a lot healthier
and not full of like creaminess so this
is just like my take on it so here is my
dinner I'll make sure everything all the
calories and everything are included on
screen pops and like bistro style and
Peele arrives at the mate it's quite a
big difference that on the tation stuff
for Mason loves this as well so that
brings me to the end of this video
really great you found this youthful and
enjoyed it
got some recipe ideas from inspo and let
me know if you do training the recipes
over on my Instagram or any of my
workouts I would love to see how you get
on and if you aren't already don't
forget to hit that like button and
subscribe and I'll see you guys in the
next video